DOCS: add CloudEvent parsing support (#100)
arcus-azure/arcus.eventgrid: docs/index.md

- Support for publishing events to an Event Grid Topic ([docs](features/publishing-events))
- Support for handling endpoint validation handshake ([docs](features/endpoint-validation))
- Provides tooling for writing integration tests ([docs](features/running-integration-tests))

> - Support for deserializing EventGrid, CloudEvent, custom & official Azure events ([docs](features/deserializing-events))

Reviewer: This is more clear I think - First 2 are about the schema of data while the latter about the envelope
```suggestion
- Support for deserializing official Azure or custom events according to Event Grid & CloudEvent schema ([docs](features/deserializing-events))
```
